# National Park Service Information Kiosk

In this web app, the user is first directed to a landing page with a drop down list of states to choose from. Once the user presses submit, two things happen:
  1. An empty page used to display park images and an empty tabs used to display the park's more specific information appears below the landing page.
  2. The user's selection is then passed in as a parameter into a GET request for parks to the National Park Service API. The request then returns the parks' names, descriptions, and their respective images. The park images, overlaid with their respective names, then fill in the empty page for parks images. 
  
Once the user clicks on an image, the respective park's name is then used to find the park code using a key-value object. The park code is then passed in as a parameter into a GET request for the park's visitor centers, campgrounds, lesson plans, news, alerts, and events. The information returned from these requests is then appended to their respective tab. The user can click on any image to see the information for a different park or resubmit a different state to see that state's parks.

Overall, I really enjoyed this challenge. With little experience in web development, I viewed creating a web app as a fascinating puzzle to solve. I enjoyed seeing how implementing new concepts I recently learned created a whole new different result and seeing it all come together in the end. It was also my first time thinking about how to create a web app best suited for the user. I thought about displaying park images, because I thought that I could both use languaes I could learn and that the user would be more attracted to the images than just the park's names. In the future, I hope to implement more features for the web app. For example, I thought of using the Google Maps API to allow users to input their current locations, view their nearby parks, and provide travel times. To make it more convenient for the user, the parks could be listed by nearest to greatest distance. Unfortunately, I wasn't able to access Google due to restrictions on the internet in my current location, but I'm excited to try implementing this new feature soon.
